.TH "AHFrun.cpp" 3 "10 May 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
AHFrun.cpp \- 
.PP
Call AHFstep from AMIGA.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <fstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'Global.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBCreateAHFParameterFile\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates the parameter file for AHFstep Creates the parameter file for AHFstep in output directory. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRunAHFstep\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.RI "\fIcalls AHFstep runs AHFstep parameterfile \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMoveAHFout\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.RI "\fImove output files of AHFstep Moves output files from current directory to output/[snap-string] \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRenameAHFout\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.RI "\fIRenames AHFstep output files Renames output files of AHFstep using regexpressions with bash. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAHFrun\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.RI "\fIControls execution of AHFstep. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Call AHFstep from AMIGA. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBAHFrun.cpp\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void AHFrun (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
Controls execution of AHFstep. Creates the parameter file, invokes AHFstep, moves output files and renames them 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIisnap\fP snapshot ID 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 139 of file AHFrun.cpp.
.PP
References CreateAHFParameterFile(), MoveAHFout(), RenameAHFout(), and RunAHFstep().
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "void CreateAHFParameterFile (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
Creates the parameter file for AHFstep Creates the parameter file for AHFstep in output directory. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIisnap\fP snapshot ID 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 39 of file AHFrun.cpp.
.PP
References DEBUG, donedebug(), Folder(), Snaps(), and writedebug().
.PP
Referenced by AHFrun().
.SS "void MoveAHFout (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
move output files of AHFstep Moves output files from current directory to output/[snap-string] \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIisnap\fP snapshot ID 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 86 of file AHFrun.cpp.
.PP
References DEBUG, donedebug(), Folder(), RunCommand(), Snaps(), and writedebug().
.PP
Referenced by AHFrun().
.SS "void RenameAHFout (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
Renames AHFstep output files Renames output files of AHFstep using regexpressions with bash. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIisnap\fP snapshot ID 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 104 of file AHFrun.cpp.
.PP
References DEBUG, donedebug(), Folder(), RunCommand(), Snaps(), and writedebug().
.PP
Referenced by AHFrun().
.SS "void RunAHFstep (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
calls AHFstep runs AHFstep parameterfile \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIisnap\fP snapshot ID 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 71 of file AHFrun.cpp.
.PP
References DEBUG, donedebug(), Folder(), RunCommand(), Snaps(), and writelndebug().
.PP
Referenced by AHFrun().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
