.TH "Cosmology" 3 "10 May 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Cosmology \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Cosmology.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCosmology\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCosmology\fP (\fBreal\fP H0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCosmology\fP (\fBreal\fP OmegaM, \fBreal\fP OmegaR, \fBreal\fP OmegaL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCosmology\fP (\fBreal\fP H0, \fBreal\fP OmegaM, \fBreal\fP OmegaR, \fBreal\fP OmegaL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetH0\fP (\fBreal\fP H0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetH0\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetG\fP (\fBreal\fP G)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetG\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTarkinOmega\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetOmegaL\fP (\fBreal\fP OmegaL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetOmegaL\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetOmegaM\fP (\fBreal\fP OmegaM)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetOmegaM\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetOmegaR\fP (\fBreal\fP OmegaR)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetOmegaR\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetOmegaK\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 11 of file Cosmology.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Cosmology::Cosmology ()"
.PP
Definition at line 4 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.SS "Cosmology::Cosmology (\fBreal\fP H0)"
.PP
Definition at line 10 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.SS "Cosmology::Cosmology (\fBreal\fP OmegaM, \fBreal\fP OmegaR, \fBreal\fP OmegaL)"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.SS "Cosmology::Cosmology (\fBreal\fP H0, \fBreal\fP OmegaM, \fBreal\fP OmegaR, \fBreal\fP OmegaL)"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBreal\fP Cosmology::getG ()"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Simulation::getG().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Cosmology::getH0 ()"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Simulation::getH0().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Cosmology::getOmegaK ()"
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Simulation::getOmegaK().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Cosmology::getOmegaL ()"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Simulation::getOmegaL().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Cosmology::getOmegaM ()"
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Simulation::getOmegaM().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Cosmology::getOmegaR ()"
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Simulation::getOmegaR().
.SS "void Cosmology::setG (\fBreal\fP G)"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.SS "void Cosmology::setH0 (\fBreal\fP H0)"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.SS "void Cosmology::setOmegaL (\fBreal\fP OmegaL)"
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.SS "void Cosmology::setOmegaM (\fBreal\fP OmegaM)"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.SS "void Cosmology::setOmegaR (\fBreal\fP OmegaR)"
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.SS "void Cosmology::setTarkinOmega ()"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file Cosmology.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Simulation::setTarkinOmega().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
