.TH "DataStruct.cpp" 3 "17 Feb 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DataStruct.cpp \- \fBVector3\fP and \fBMatrix33\fP implementations. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <math.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iterator>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iomanip>\fP
.br
\fC#include <list>\fP
.br
\fC#include <vector>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cassert>\fP
.br
\fC#include <gsl/gsl_math.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <gsl/gsl_eigen.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'DataStruct.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHDF_UINT\fP   H5T_NATIVE_UINT"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMPI_UINT\fP   MPI_UNSIGNED"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHDF_FLOAT\fP   H5T_NATIVE_FLOAT"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBFIX\fP(x)   (\fBIdentifier\fP)(x+0.5)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBROTATE\fP(a, i, j, k, l)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned \fBIdentifier\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned \fBSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef float \fBScalar\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef float \fBWeight\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &s, \fBVector3\fP v)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBVector3\fP and \fBMatrix33\fP implementations. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBDataStruct.cpp\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define FIX(x)   (\fBIdentifier\fP)(x+0.5)"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file DataStruct.cpp.
.SS "#define HDF_FLOAT   H5T_NATIVE_FLOAT"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file DataStruct.cpp.
.SS "#define HDF_UINT   H5T_NATIVE_UINT"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file DataStruct.cpp.
.SS "#define MPI_UINT   MPI_UNSIGNED"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file DataStruct.cpp.
.SS "#define ROTATE(a, i, j, k, l)"
.PP
\fBValue:\fP
.PP
.nf
g=(a)(i,j);h=(a)(k,l);(a)(i,j)=g-s*(h+g*tau);\
    (a)(k,l)=h+s*(g-h*tau);
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 404 of file DataStruct.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Matrix33::Jacobi().
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef unsigned \fBIdentifier\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file DataStruct.cpp.
.SS "typedef float \fBScalar\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file DataStruct.cpp.
.SS "typedef unsigned \fBSize\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file DataStruct.cpp.
.SS "typedef float \fBWeight\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file DataStruct.cpp.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream & s, \fBVector3\fP v)"
.PP
Definition at line 245 of file DataStruct.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
