.TH "Eigensystem3" 3 "10 May 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Eigensystem3 \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Eigensystem3.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEigensystem3\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEigensystem3\fP (\fBMatrix33\fP M)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEigensystem3\fP (const \fBEigensystem3\fP &E)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEigensystem3\fP (std::vector< \fBreal\fP > Eval, std::vector< \fBVector3\fP > Evec)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBgetEigen\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBreal\fP > \fBgetEval\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetEval\fP (std::vector< \fBreal\fP > Eval)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetEval\fP (int index) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBVector3\fP > \fBgetEvec\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetEvec\fP (std::vector< \fBVector3\fP > Evec)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVector3\fP \fBgetEvec\fP (int index) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcalcEV\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnormalize\fP (\fBreal\fP factor)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBtoString\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 35 of file Eigensystem3.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Eigensystem3::Eigensystem3 ()"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.SS "Eigensystem3::Eigensystem3 (\fBMatrix33\fP M)"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.SS "Eigensystem3::Eigensystem3 (const \fBEigensystem3\fP & E)"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.SS "Eigensystem3::Eigensystem3 (std::vector< \fBreal\fP > Eval, std::vector< \fBVector3\fP > Evec)"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Eigensystem3::calcEV ()"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.PP
References Matrix33::Eigen().
.PP
Referenced by Halo::calcShape().
.SS "bool Eigensystem3::getEigen ()"
.SS "\fBreal\fP Eigensystem3::getEval (int index) const"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.SS "std::vector< \fBreal\fP > Eigensystem3::getEval () const"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap(), and StoreTensorField().
.SS "\fBVector3\fP Eigensystem3::getEvec (int index) const"
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.SS "std::vector< \fBVector3\fP > Eigensystem3::getEvec () const"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by StoreTensorField().
.SS "void Eigensystem3::normalize (\fBreal\fP factor)"
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Halo::calcShape().
.SS "void Eigensystem3::setEval (std::vector< \fBreal\fP > Eval)"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.SS "void Eigensystem3::setEvec (std::vector< \fBVector3\fP > Evec)"
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.SS "std::string Eigensystem3::toString (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file Eigensystem3.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by HResults::toString(), and AResults::toString().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
