.TH "Global.h" 3 "10 May 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Global.h \- 
.PP
All publicly known functions from \fBGlobal.cpp\fP.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef float \fBreal\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRunCommand\fP (std::string command)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwrite\fP (std::string text)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwritedebug\fP (bool DebugLevelActivated, std::string text)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwriteln\fP (std::string text)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwritelndebug\fP (bool DebugLevelActivated, std::string text)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwritedone\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwritelndone\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdonedebug\fP (bool DebugLevelActivated)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBIntToString\fP (int intValue)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBFolder\fP (std::string where)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBSnaps\fP (unsigned SnapNo)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBDoesFileExist\fP (char *filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBGetLineNumber\fP (std::string filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprintMinMaxValues\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIprint characteristics of basic types Show Minimum, Maximum, Sign, Bits, Inf for bool, char, int, long, unsigned, unsigned long, float, double \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBfbmod\fP (\fBreal\fP x, \fBreal\fP y)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename real_t > real_t \fBSPHK3D\fP (const real_t r, const real_t h)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const bool \fBDEBUG\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const double \fBPI\fP = 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510582"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
All publicly known functions from \fBGlobal.cpp\fP. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBGlobal.h\fP.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef float \fBreal\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file Global.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool DoesFileExist (char * filename)"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AssertFileOpen().
.SS "void donedebug (bool DebugLevelActivated)"
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
References writelndone().
.PP
Referenced by CreateAHFParameterFile(), ExtractSnap(), GetMtreeFile(), MoveAHFout(), MoveHaloTrackerOutput(), MoveMergeOut(), RenameAHFout(), RewriteParticleNumbers(), RunAHFstep(), RunOwnMergerTree(), SubhaloMatch(), WrapperParticleNumbers(), and WriteMtree2File().
.SS "\fBreal\fP fbmod (\fBreal\fP x, \fBreal\fP y)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 319 of file Global.cpp.
.SS "std::string Folder (std::string where)"Returns the paths to all important folders. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwhere,:\fP which folder? allowed: amd, snap, amateur, output, parameters 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string full path 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 262 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap(), CreateAHFParameterFile(), CreateHaloTrackerParameterFile(), CreateMergeParameterFile(), ExtractSnap(), Output::getAR(), MoveAHFout(), MoveHaloTrackerOutput(), MoveMergeOut(), openParticlesFile(), readDataBlocks(), RenameAHFout(), RewriteParticleNumbers(), RunAHFstep(), RunHaloTracker(), RunMergerTree(), RunOwnMergerTree(), SubhaloMatch(), TidalField(), WrapperParticleNumbers(), Output::writeAR(), Output::writeHR(), and Output::writeHRstripped().
.SS "unsigned GetLineNumber (std::string filename)"count the lines of a given file 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename,:\fP path to the file 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
unsigned number of lines 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 184 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by SubhaloMatch().
.SS "std::string IntToString (int intValue)"Convert an integer into a string. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIintValue,:\fP integer to be converted 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string of that integer value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 243 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
References itoa().
.PP
Referenced by TidalField().
.SS "void printMinMaxValues (void)"
.PP
print characteristics of basic types Show Minimum, Maximum, Sign, Bits, Inf for bool, char, int, long, unsigned, unsigned long, float, double \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
: void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 55 of file Global.cpp.
.SS "void RunCommand (std::string command)"
.PP
Definition at line 174 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by ExtractSnap(), MoveAHFout(), MoveHaloTrackerOutput(), MoveMergeOut(), RenameAHFout(), RunAHFstep(), RunHaloTracker(), and RunMergerTree().
.SS "std::string Snaps (unsigned SnapNo)"Returns the full path to an AMATEUR snapshot 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISnapNo,:\fP ID of snapshot 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string full_path 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 291 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap(), CreateAHFParameterFile(), CreateHaloTrackerParameterFile(), CreateMergeParameterFile(), ExtractSnap(), Output::getAR(), HelpUser(), main(), MoveAHFout(), MoveHaloTrackerOutput(), MoveMergeOut(), openParticlesFile(), readDataBlocks(), RenameAHFout(), RewriteParticleNumbers(), RunAHFstep(), RunOwnMergerTree(), SubhaloMatch(), TidalField(), WrapperParticleNumbers(), Output::writeAR(), Output::writeHR(), and Output::writeHRstripped().
.SS "template<typename real_t > real_t SPHK3D (const real_t r, const real_t h)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 325 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
References PI.
.PP
Referenced by HaloProperties::AverageVel().
.SS "void write (std::string text)"
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by TidalField(), and writedebug().
.SS "void writedebug (bool DebugLevelActivated, std::string text)"
.PP
Definition at line 154 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
References write().
.PP
Referenced by CreateAHFParameterFile(), ExtractSnap(), GetMtreeFile(), MoveAHFout(), MoveHaloTrackerOutput(), MoveMergeOut(), RenameAHFout(), RewriteParticleNumbers(), RunOwnMergerTree(), SubhaloMatch(), WrapperParticleNumbers(), and WriteMtree2File().
.SS "void writedone (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by CreateHaloTrackerParameterFile(), CreateMergeParameterFile(), ExtractSnap(), and TidalField().
.SS "void writeln (std::string text)"
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap(), ExtractSnap(), HelpUser(), main(), and writelndebug().
.SS "void writelndebug (bool DebugLevelActivated, std::string text)"
.PP
Definition at line 165 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
References writeln().
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap(), ExtractSnap(), RunAHFstep(), RunHaloTracker(), RunMergerTree(), and RunOwnMergerTree().
.SS "void writelndone (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 135 of file Global.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by donedebug(), and TidalField().
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const bool \fBDEBUG\fP = true"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Global.h.
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap(), CreateAHFParameterFile(), ExtractSnap(), GetMtreeFile(), MoveAHFout(), MoveHaloTrackerOutput(), MoveMergeOut(), RenameAHFout(), RewriteParticleNumbers(), RunAHFstep(), RunHaloTracker(), RunMergerTree(), RunOwnMergerTree(), SubhaloMatch(), WrapperParticleNumbers(), and WriteMtree2File().
.SS "const double \fBPI\fP = 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510582"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file Global.h.
.PP
Referenced by SPHK3D().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
