.TH "HaloTrackerRun.cpp" 3 "10 May 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
HaloTrackerRun.cpp \- 
.PP
Implementation of -h, EXPERIMENTAL!  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <fstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'Global.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBWrapperParticleNumbers\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBCreateHaloTrackerParameterFile\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRunHaloTracker\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMoveHaloTrackerOutput\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBHaloTrackerRun\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Implementation of -h, EXPERIMENTAL! 


.PP
Definition in file \fBHaloTrackerRun.cpp\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void CreateHaloTrackerParameterFile (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file HaloTrackerRun.cpp.
.PP
References Folder(), Snaps(), and writedone().
.PP
Referenced by HaloTrackerRun().
.SS "void HaloTrackerRun (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file HaloTrackerRun.cpp.
.PP
References CreateHaloTrackerParameterFile(), MoveHaloTrackerOutput(), RunHaloTracker(), and WrapperParticleNumbers().
.SS "void MoveHaloTrackerOutput (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file HaloTrackerRun.cpp.
.PP
References DEBUG, donedebug(), Folder(), RunCommand(), Snaps(), and writedebug().
.PP
Referenced by HaloTrackerRun().
.SS "void RunHaloTracker (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file HaloTrackerRun.cpp.
.PP
References DEBUG, Folder(), RunCommand(), and writelndebug().
.PP
Referenced by HaloTrackerRun().
.SS "void WrapperParticleNumbers (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file HaloTrackerRun.cpp.
.PP
References DEBUG, donedebug(), Folder(), Snaps(), and writedebug().
.PP
Referenced by HaloTrackerRun().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
