.TH "MergerTreeRun.cpp" 3 "10 May 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MergerTreeRun.cpp \- 
.PP
Rewrite of MergerTree of AMIGA, implements -m of amateur.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <fstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'Global.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <map>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRewriteParticleNumbers\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBCreateMergeParameterFile\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRunMergerTree\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRunOwnMergerTree\fP (int isnap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMoveMergeOut\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMergerTreeRun\fP (unsigned isnap)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Rewrite of MergerTree of AMIGA, implements -m of amateur. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBMergerTreeRun.cpp\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void CreateMergeParameterFile (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file MergerTreeRun.cpp.
.PP
References Folder(), Snaps(), and writedone().
.SS "void MergerTreeRun (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 192 of file MergerTreeRun.cpp.
.PP
References RunOwnMergerTree().
.PP
Referenced by main().
.SS "void MoveMergeOut (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 184 of file MergerTreeRun.cpp.
.PP
References DEBUG, donedebug(), Folder(), RunCommand(), Snaps(), and writedebug().
.SS "void RewriteParticleNumbers (unsigned isnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file MergerTreeRun.cpp.
.PP
References DEBUG, donedebug(), Folder(), Snaps(), and writedebug().
.SS "void RunMergerTree (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file MergerTreeRun.cpp.
.PP
References DEBUG, Folder(), RunCommand(), and writelndebug().
.SS "void RunOwnMergerTree (int isnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file MergerTreeRun.cpp.
.PP
References DEBUG, donedebug(), Folder(), Snaps(), writedebug(), and writelndebug().
.PP
Referenced by MergerTreeRun().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
