.TH "Output" 3 "10 May 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Output \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Output.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBOutput\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBOutput\fP (\fBSimulation\fP sim)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Output\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetAR\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwriteAR\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfillHRglobal\fP (int Ntot, \fBreal\fP Mtot, \fBreal\fP Rtot, \fBreal\fP Mvir, \fBreal\fP Rvir, \fBVector3\fP xcm, \fBVector3\fP vcm, \fBVector3\fP xmb, \fBVector3\fP vmb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBfillHRtype\fP (int type, int npart, \fBreal\fP mpart, \fBreal\fP lambda, \fBreal\fP sigma, \fBVector3\fP J, \fBEigensystem3\fP E)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappendHR\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwriteHR\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwriteHRstripped\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 35 of file Output.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Output::Output (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file Output.cpp.
.SS "Output::Output (\fBSimulation\fP sim)"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Output.cpp.
.SS "Output::~Output (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file Output.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Output::appendHR (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap().
.SS "void Output::fillHRglobal (int Ntot, \fBreal\fP Mtot, \fBreal\fP Rtot, \fBreal\fP Mvir, \fBreal\fP Rvir, \fBVector3\fP xcm, \fBVector3\fP vcm, \fBVector3\fP xmb, \fBVector3\fP vmb)"
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
References HResults::setMtot(), HResults::setMvir(), HResults::setNtot(), HResults::setRtot(), HResults::setRvir(), HResults::setVCM(), HResults::setVMB(), HResults::setXCM(), and HResults::setXMB().
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap().
.SS "void Output::fillHRtype (int type, int npart, \fBreal\fP mpart, \fBreal\fP lambda, \fBreal\fP sigma, \fBVector3\fP J, \fBEigensystem3\fP E)"
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
References HResults::setE(), HResults::setJ(), HResults::setLambda(), HResults::setMpart(), HResults::setNpart(), and HResults::setSigma().
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap().
.SS "void Output::getAR (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
References Folder(), Simulation::getIsnap(), Simulation::getNhalo(), and Snaps().
.PP
Referenced by AOutput().
.SS "void Output::writeAR (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 101 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
References Folder(), Simulation::getIsnap(), Simulation::getNhalo(), and Snaps().
.PP
Referenced by AOutput().
.SS "void Output::writeHR (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
References Folder(), Simulation::getBoxlength(), Simulation::getIsnap(), Simulation::getNhalo(), Simulation::getZsnap(), and Snaps().
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap().
.SS "void Output::writeHRstripped (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 158 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
References Folder(), Simulation::getIsnap(), Simulation::getNhalo(), and Snaps().
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
