.TH "Results" 3 "29 Mar 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Results \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Results.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBResults\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Results\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMtot\fP (\fBreal\fP Mtot)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMvir\fP (\fBreal\fP Mvir)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRvir\fP (\fBreal\fP Rvir)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetXCM\fP (\fBVector3\fP xcm)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetVCM\fP (\fBVector3\fP vcm)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetXMB\fP (\fBVector3\fP xmb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetJ\fP (\fBVector3\fP J, int type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLambda\fP (\fBreal\fP lambda, int type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSigma\fP (\fBreal\fP Sigma, int type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetE\fP (\fBEigensystem3\fP E, int type)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 10 of file Results.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Results::Results ()"
.PP
Definition at line 6 of file Results.cpp.
.SS "Results::~Results ()"
.PP
Definition at line 10 of file Results.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Results::setMtot (\fBreal\fP Mtot)"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file Results.cpp.
.SS "void Results::setMvir (\fBreal\fP Mvir)"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file Results.cpp.
.SS "void Results::setRvir (\fBreal\fP Rvir)"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file Results.cpp.
.SS "void Results::setXCM (\fBVector3\fP xcm)"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file Results.cpp.
.SS "void Results::setVCM (\fBVector3\fP vcm)"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file Results.cpp.
.SS "void Results::setXMB (\fBVector3\fP xmb)"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file Results.cpp.
.SS "void Results::setJ (\fBVector3\fP J, int type)"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file Results.cpp.
.SS "void Results::setLambda (\fBreal\fP lambda, int type)"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file Results.cpp.
.SS "void Results::setSigma (\fBreal\fP Sigma, int type)"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file Results.cpp.
.SS "void Results::setE (\fBEigensystem3\fP E, int type)"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file Results.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
