.TH "ScalarField" 3 "10 May 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ScalarField \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ScalarField.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBScalarField\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBScalarField\fP (unsigned nx, unsigned ny, unsigned nz, float dx, int nstencil)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ScalarField\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBScalarField\fP * \fBoperator=\fP (\fBScalarField\fP *s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrecreate\fP (unsigned nx, unsigned ny, unsigned nz, float dx, int nstencil)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBArray3\fP * \fBgetPhi\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPhi\fP (\fBArray3\fP *phi)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetNx\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetNy\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetNz\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBgetDx\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetNStencil\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetNStencil2\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtest\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBgetValue\fP (int ix, int iy, int iz)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetValue\fP (int ix, int iy, int iz, float val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBChooseStencil\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIChoose a stencil. Choose a stencil. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBput_CIC\fP (unsigned npart, float *coord, float *wpar)"
.br
.RI "\fIPut clound in cell. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBget_CIC\fP (float coordx, float coordy, float coordz)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlookup\fP (float *Coord, unsigned nCoord, std::vector< float > &values)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlookup\fP (float *Coord, unsigned nCoord, float ll, unsigned N, std::vector< float > &values)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBdiff1\fP (int ix, int iy, int iz, int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBdiff2\fP (int ix, int iy, int iz, int i, int j)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdiff2atCIC\fP (float *Coord, unsigned nPoints, std::vector< \fBMatrix33\fP > &t_ij)"
.br
.RI "\fIdiff2atCIC \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename T > T \fBget_NGP\fP (T *coord)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 34 of file ScalarField.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ScalarField::ScalarField (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.SS "ScalarField::ScalarField (unsigned nx, unsigned ny, unsigned nz, float dx, int nstencil)"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.SS "ScalarField::~ScalarField (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ScalarField::ChooseStencil (void)"
.PP
Choose a stencil. Choose a stencil. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 436 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References stencil11_1, stencil11_2, stencil3_1, stencil3_2, stencil5_1, stencil5_2, stencil7_1, stencil7_2, stencil9_1, and stencil9_2.
.PP
Referenced by diff2atCIC().
.SS "float ScalarField::diff1 (int ix, int iy, int iz, int i)"
.PP
Definition at line 194 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References getValue().
.PP
Referenced by diff2().
.SS "float ScalarField::diff2 (int ix, int iy, int iz, int i, int j)"
.PP
Definition at line 215 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References diff1(), and getValue().
.PP
Referenced by diff2atCIC().
.SS "void ScalarField::diff2atCIC (float * Coord, unsigned nPoints, std::vector< \fBMatrix33\fP > & t_ij)"
.PP
diff2atCIC \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fICoord,:\fP list of coordinates 
.br
\fInPoints,:\fP number of points in Coord where we want to know the tensor 
.br
\fIt_ij,:\fP tensor 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 348 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References ChooseStencil(), and diff2().
.PP
Referenced by TidalField().
.SS "float ScalarField::get_CIC (float coordx, float coordy, float coordz)"
.PP
Definition at line 161 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by TidalField().
.SS "template<typename T > T ScalarField::get_NGP (T * coord)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file ScalarField.h.
.PP
References getValue().
.SS "float ScalarField::getDx (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 124 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator=().
.SS "int ScalarField::getNStencil (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 129 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator=().
.SS "int ScalarField::getNStencil2 (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator=().
.SS "int ScalarField::getNx (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 109 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator=(), and PoissonSolver< nstencil >::solve().
.SS "int ScalarField::getNy (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator=(), and PoissonSolver< nstencil >::solve().
.SS "int ScalarField::getNz (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator=(), and PoissonSolver< nstencil >::solve().
.SS "\fBArray3\fP * ScalarField::getPhi (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator=().
.SS "float ScalarField::getValue (int ix, int iy, int iz)"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References Array3::getValue().
.PP
Referenced by diff1(), diff2(), get_NGP(), lookup(), main(), PoissonSolver< nstencil >::solve(), and PoissonSolver< nstencil >::test().
.SS "void ScalarField::lookup (float * Coord, unsigned nCoord, float ll, unsigned N, std::vector< float > & values)"
.PP
Definition at line 148 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References getValue().
.SS "void ScalarField::lookup (float * Coord, unsigned nCoord, std::vector< float > & values)"
.PP
Definition at line 139 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References getValue().
.SS "\fBScalarField\fP * ScalarField::operator= (\fBScalarField\fP * s)"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References getDx(), getNStencil(), getNStencil2(), getNx(), getNy(), getNz(), and getPhi().
.SS "void ScalarField::put_CIC (unsigned npart, float * coord, float * wpar)"
.PP
Put clound in cell. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInpart\fP number of particles 
.br
\fIcoord\fP positions of particles 
.br
\fIwpar\fP mass ('weight') of particles 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 276 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References Array3::addValue(), and Array3::setValue().
.PP
Referenced by TidalField().
.SS "void ScalarField::recreate (unsigned nx, unsigned ny, unsigned nz, float dx, int nstencil)"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References Array3::recreate().
.PP
Referenced by PoissonSolver< nstencil >::solve().
.SS "void ScalarField::setPhi (\fBArray3\fP * phi)"
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.SS "void ScalarField::setValue (int ix, int iy, int iz, float val)"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References Array3::setValue().
.PP
Referenced by main(), PoissonSolver< nstencil >::solve(), and PoissonSolver< nstencil >::test().
.SS "void ScalarField::test (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 257 of file ScalarField.cpp.
.PP
References Array3::setValue().
.PP
Referenced by main().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
