.TH "Simulation" 3 "10 May 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Simulation \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Simulation.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSimulation\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSimulation\fP (\fBSimulation\fP &sim)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Simulation\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCosmology\fP (\fBCosmology\fP c)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIsnap\fP (int isnap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAsnap\fP (\fBreal\fP asnap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetZsnap\fP (\fBreal\fP zsnap)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetNhalo\fP (int nhalo)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMass\fP (\fBreal\fP mass)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTarkinOmega\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetBoxlength\fP (\fBreal\fP boxlength)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetIsnap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetAsnap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetZsnap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetNhalo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetMass\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetBoxlength\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetRhobox\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetH0\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetG\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetOmegaL\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetOmegaM\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetOmegaR\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreal\fP \fBgetOmegaK\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 7 of file Simulation.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Simulation::Simulation ()"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file Simulation.cpp.
.SS "Simulation::Simulation (\fBSimulation\fP & sim)"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file Simulation.cpp.
.SS "Simulation::~Simulation ()"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file Simulation.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBreal\fP Simulation::getAsnap ()"
.PP
Definition at line 101 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Halo::calcJ(), and Halo::calcLambda().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Simulation::getBoxlength ()"
.PP
Definition at line 121 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Output::writeHR().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Simulation::getG ()"
.PP
Definition at line 136 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
References Cosmology::getG().
.PP
Referenced by Halo::calcLambda().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Simulation::getH0 ()"
.PP
Definition at line 131 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
References Cosmology::getH0().
.SS "int Simulation::getIsnap ()"
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Output::getAR(), Output::writeAR(), Output::writeHR(), and Output::writeHRstripped().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Simulation::getMass ()"
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file Simulation.cpp.
.SS "int Simulation::getNhalo ()"
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Output::getAR(), Output::writeAR(), Output::writeHR(), and Output::writeHRstripped().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Simulation::getOmegaK ()"
.PP
Definition at line 156 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
References Cosmology::getOmegaK().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Simulation::getOmegaL ()"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
References Cosmology::getOmegaL().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Simulation::getOmegaM ()"
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
References Cosmology::getOmegaM().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Simulation::getOmegaR ()"
.PP
Definition at line 151 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
References Cosmology::getOmegaR().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Simulation::getRhobox ()"
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Halo::Halo().
.SS "\fBreal\fP Simulation::getZsnap ()"
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Output::writeHR().
.SS "void Simulation::setAsnap (\fBreal\fP asnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file Simulation.cpp.
.SS "void Simulation::setBoxlength (\fBreal\fP boxlength)"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap().
.SS "void Simulation::setCosmology (\fBCosmology\fP c)"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file Simulation.cpp.
.SS "void Simulation::setIsnap (int isnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap(), and AOutput().
.SS "void Simulation::setMass (\fBreal\fP mass)"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap().
.SS "void Simulation::setNhalo (int nhalo)"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap().
.SS "void Simulation::setTarkinOmega ()"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
References Cosmology::setTarkinOmega().
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap().
.SS "void Simulation::setZsnap (\fBreal\fP zsnap)"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file Simulation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AnalyzeSnap().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
