.TH "TidalField.cpp" 3 "10 May 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
TidalField.cpp \- 
.PP
Implements -t option: Computation of the tidal field.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'TidalField.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'HDFIO.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'PoissonSolver.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'Eigensystem3.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'Global.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBTidalField\fP (unsigned isnap, int N, double Radius)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBTidalField\fP (std::string snaphdf5, unsigned N, double Radius, std::string extra, std::string tensorhdf5)"
.br
.RI "\fIComputes the tidal field from a given mass distribution. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBStoreTensorField\fP (std::string filename, unsigned nPoints, const std::vector< float > &coordinates, const std::vector< \fBMatrix33\fP > &aTensorField, float SmoothingMassScale)"
.br
.RI "\fIStore tensor field. store tensor field to HDF5. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const float \fBG_const\fP = 43011.7902"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Implements -t option: Computation of the tidal field. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBTidalField.cpp\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void StoreTensorField (std::string filename, unsigned nPoints, const std::vector< float > & coordinates, const std::vector< \fBMatrix33\fP > & aTensorField, float SmoothingMassScale)"
.PP
Store tensor field. store tensor field to HDF5. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename,:\fP path to output file 
.br
\fInPoints,:\fP number of points 
.br
\fIcoordinates,:\fP evaluation points 
.br
\fIaTensorField,:\fP tensor field that should be evaluated 
.br
\fISmoothingMassScale,:\fP smoothing scale 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 217 of file TidalField.cpp.
.PP
References Eigensystem3::getEval(), Eigensystem3::getEvec(), HDFWriteDataset2D(), and HDFWriteDatasetVector().
.PP
Referenced by TidalField().
.SS "void TidalField (std::string snaphdf5, unsigned N, double Radius, std::string extra, std::string tensorhdf5)"
.PP
Computes the tidal field from a given mass distribution. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsnaphdf5,:\fP a snapshot file, converted by AnalyzeSnap 
.br
\fIN,:\fP the length of the density mesh 
.br
\fIRadius,:\fP the length scale used for smoothing 
.br
\fIextra,:\fP file containing the -z output of the halos (used for npart, COM) 
.br
\fItensorhdf5,:\fP output file for the tensor components 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 49 of file TidalField.cpp.
.PP
References ScalarField::diff2atCIC(), G_const, ScalarField::get_CIC(), HDFCreateFile(), HDFReadDataset(), HDFReadGroupAttribute(), HDFReadVector(), HDFWriteDataset(), ScalarField::put_CIC(), PoissonSolver< nstencil >::solve(), StoreTensorField(), write(), writedone(), and writelndone().
.SS "void TidalField (unsigned isnap, int N, double Radius)"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file TidalField.cpp.
.PP
References Folder(), IntToString(), Snaps(), and TidalField().
.PP
Referenced by main(), and TidalField().
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const float \fBG_const\fP = 43011.7902"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file TidalField.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by TidalField().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
