.TH "Vector3.cpp" 3 "10 May 2010" "Version 0.1" "amateur" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Vector3.cpp \- 
.PP
\fBVector3\fP implementations.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <math.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iterator>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iomanip>\fP
.br
\fC#include <list>\fP
.br
\fC#include <vector>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cassert>\fP
.br
\fC#include <gsl/gsl_math.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <gsl/gsl_eigen.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'Global.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'Vector3.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHDF_UINT\fP   H5T_NATIVE_UINT"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBMPI_UINT\fP   MPI_UNSIGNED"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHDF_FLOAT\fP   H5T_NATIVE_FLOAT"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBFIX\fP(x)   (\fBIdentifier\fP)(x+0.5)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned \fBIdentifier\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef unsigned \fBSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef float \fBScalar\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef float \fBWeight\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &s, \fBVector3\fP v)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBVector3\fP implementations. 


.PP
Definition in file \fBVector3.cpp\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define FIX(x)   (\fBIdentifier\fP)(x+0.5)"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file Vector3.cpp.
.SS "#define HDF_FLOAT   H5T_NATIVE_FLOAT"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file Vector3.cpp.
.SS "#define HDF_UINT   H5T_NATIVE_UINT"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file Vector3.cpp.
.SS "#define MPI_UINT   MPI_UNSIGNED"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file Vector3.cpp.
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef unsigned \fBIdentifier\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file Vector3.cpp.
.SS "typedef float \fBScalar\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file Vector3.cpp.
.SS "typedef unsigned \fBSize\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Vector3.cpp.
.SS "typedef float \fBWeight\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file Vector3.cpp.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream & s, \fBVector3\fP v)"
.PP
Definition at line 257 of file Vector3.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for amateur from the source code.
